Add note suggesting to use `<Suspense>` instead of `<ClientOnly>` (#159)
sergiodxa/remix-utils: README.md

The ClientOnly component lets you render the children element only on the client-side, avoiding rendering it the server-side.

> **Note**

> > If you're using React 18 and a [streaming server rendering API](https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react-dom/server) (ie. `renderTo*Stream`) you probably want to use a `<Suspense>` boundary instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using React 18 and a [streaming server rendering API](https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react-dom/server) (eg. `[renderToPipeableStream](https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react-dom/server/renderToPipeableStream)`) you probably want to use a `<Suspense>` boundary instead.
```
